This Flex Policy Development Kit is subject to the terms of Customer's
Master/Main Services Agreement with Salesforce.

In addition, Salesforce grants to Customer a non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license during the applicable Order Form
term to use the Software in object code and source code form for Customer's
internal business operations in accordance with (i) the Documentation,
(ii) the Agreement, and (iii) the following terms: (a) Customer may copy and
install on Customer's computers for use only by Customer's employees and/or a
third party providing services to Customer one copy of the Software for each
subscription designated in the applicable Order Form (and one additional copy
for archival purposes), (b) upon expiration or termination of the Order Form
and/or the Agreement, Customer shall cease using and destroy all copies of the
Software, (c) Customer shall maintain accurate records of its use of the
Software for one year following expiration of the Order Term for the applicable
Software, and Salesforce, MuleSoft, or its designates may, once per year at its
own expense, review such records for completeness and accuracy. Warranty claims
are only available if Software is properly installed and used in accordance
with the Agreement and Documentation and claims are made in writing within 30
days of the subscription start date. Claims do not extend to: (i) any
modifications to the Software done by or on behalf of Customer, or (ii) items
provided on a no charge or evaluation basis. The Software is not hosted by or
on behalf of Salesforce or MuleSoft and any data processed with the Software is
not Customer Data as defined in the MSA.
